My weapon is my magnificent
shooting techniques.
And my motto is: "Sexy soccer!"
Mine is getting in behind.
Mine is... being physical.
I'm an all-rounder.
Mine's my "never give up" attitude!
Mine's the power in my left-footed shots.
Mine's my speed and technique.
Mine's... dribbling...
"Dribbling."
Mine is my jumping.
Who's next? Isagi-kun?
Uh. my weapon?
Oh. hm... I wonder what it is...
Your passing?
No. I can't say that as a striker.
The fact you don't even know
means you're doomed. Next!
Wait. hold on...
Well. tell us when you think of something.
Last of all. Chigiri.
Not telling.
Huh? But that's the
whole point of this conversation.
I know. but I don't want to say it.
What the hell? Let's just ignore
the selfish queen over there.
Guess we'll have to.
Anyway. a striker needs a powerful weapon.
and how you make use of it is important.
But if everyone just does what they want.
won't it end up like the last game?
Can we really win by
doing what Ego told us to?
Even with weapons. if we aren't
coordinated. they're meaningless.
Can't we come up with a strategy
where all of us can shine or something?
I see.
Yeah. this might work.
This way. we'll all get an equal chance.
With this strategy. we might win.
How do we
use each weapon?
We're all strikers
Equal chance
Plausible plan
minutes
Time shifts
within
90 minutes!
Peaceful
solution
Position
change?
Move clockwise
to minimize time loss
Operation name?
The Roulette System
The Roulette Eleven System
The "I'm Next" System
"Next Up. It's Me"
Eleven
Goalie?
It's called:
Operation: "Next Up. It's Me" Eleven!
Lame name.
Episode 4
Premonition
and Intuition
Time it so it gets to me here!
Okay!
It's not like we're a team all of a sudden.
Not like that. I want it to feet.
Okay. okay. Stop whining.
Isagi. don't drop back!
Hold the line!
Gotcha.
Lose and your soccer career is over.
I feel this simple fact has
made us come together as a team.
Natto
I'm super late for dinner.
It's been a week since I came to Blue Lock.
Honestly. nothing's helping my confidence.
I don't have any weapon I can be proud of.
You have no talent.
Maybe I don't have a weapon...
I'm tired of natto.
Good work today. Isagi.
Kunigami.
You're still getting natto?
That's just how it is when
you rank near the bottom.
Hey. wait... You haven't had dinner yet?
I just ate.
I came to talk to you.
Hm? What about?
I never said thank you.
For what?
Thanks for the pass.
Oh. in the last game? That's all?
Yeah. I believe in doing
things the right way.
Anyway. that's all. Good night.
Hey. wait a minute!
Hm?
Kunigami. why do you play soccer?
Huh? What kind of a question is that?
Oh. uh. it's just...
You have lots of weapons I don't.
like your shot power and your strong frame.
So I was just wondering what an
amazing guy like you thought about.
Jeez. what am I saying...
I'm sorry. It feels like
I'm embarrassing myself here.
Forget I asked. Good night.
That's easy.
I'm gonna be a soccer superhero.
Huh?
When I was small. I didn't look up to
Sentai heroes. robots. or pirate kings.
I idolized strikers who ran about on green
pitches and scored goals to win games.
Those players weren't fictional.
They were real-life superheroes
who excited me and gave me courage.
That's who I want to become.
Are you serious?
Deadly. I don't care if someone
thinks it's silly and laughs at me.
I'm not embarrassed at all.
To achieve my dream. I will fight
the right way and take on the world.
Man...
He has a really strong resolve. unlike me.
That's cool.
You're so badass.
Isagi. you want some?
Huh? A steak?
What?!
BL Ranking
th
Menu
Natto
The goal bonus list is up there.
1 goal = 1 point
Exchange your points for prizes
Sirloin steak
g
Massage
Get cell
phone back
Luxurious
comfy bed
A "One day outside Blue Lock" pass
If you score a goal. you can
trade your points for prizes.
Cell phone? Bed? Yes. please.
A "One day outside Blue Lock" pass?!
I owe half of that goal to you.
So half of this meat belongs to you.
What? Are you serious?
It's been so long! No more natto!
But why did you pass
the ball to me back then?
Hm?
I'm pretty sure Raichi was more open.
so I was wondering why you passed it
to me when I had defenders around me.
Oh. right. It was sorta unconscious.
Like a reflex or something.
Even if I'd passed to Raichi. it didn't
change the fact Barou was in front of us.
So I suppose I smelled a goal if I could
just set you up for a mid-range shot.
I knew how powerful
it was from experience.
You "smelled" a goal?
Maybe that's your weapon.
Being able to make instant decisions
is more impressive than you may think.
Man. this is crazy good!
Eat up. Isagi.
Oh. sure.
Oh. wow. it's hella good!
Right?
Thanks. Kunigami.
This really cheered me up.
You're such a nice guy.
Shut up. I didn't do it to be "nice."
You don't take compliments well. do you?
Oh. whatever. Let's just eat and head to bed.
And our next game...
We're gonna win it for sure.
Yeah!
Building 5
Blue Lock
Match 4
Building 5
Blue Lock
Team Y vs. Team X
Here they come.
Team Y.
Like us. Team Y lost their first match.
so their backs are against the wall.
Points
Goal
Difference
Points
Goal
Difference
They'll be desperate.
We need to keep a close
eye on their Number 9.
His shooting's off the chart.
Kumamoto prefecture's top scorer:
Team Y
BL Ranking
th
Ohkawa Hibiki.
Let's go. guys!
Yeah!
But this time. we concocted a plan.
Let's have faith our practice will pay off.
Even if we have to die for it.
we will win. Team Z!
Yeah!
All right.
The key to this plan is the
weapons Ego talked about.
How do we
use each weapon?
We're all strikers
Equal chance
Plausible plan
minutes
Time shifts
within
90 minutes!
Peaceful
solution
Position
change?
Move clockwise
to minimize time loss
Operation name?
The Roulette System
The Roulette Eleven System
The "I'm Next" System
"Next Up. It's Me"
Eleven
Goalie?
This is an ultra-offensive system that
makes the best use of all our weapons.
But if each of us uses our weapon with
no real plan in place. we'll just crumble.
So we'll divide up the clock
and take turns as the front man.
To spotlight one guy's weapon. the rest
of us will create a formation around him.
and support the type of
soccer he wants to play.
I guess it means we all get an equal
chance. but what order do we go in?
What if we do it by rank?
What about the other positions?
Switching all of them
would be way too confusing.
No. we can all just rotate
one position clockwise.
The next one's close enough
that it won't be a problem.
From a defensive perspective. it's too risky
for all eleven of us to take turns in goal.
We have to win this. so I'll stay
as the goalie for the whole game.
I don't mind staying in defense.
You lack self-assertiveness.
which means ya got no talent!
I'd rather not do it like this. but just
this once. I'll go along with your plan.
Me too.
Okay. so everyone except Iemon and Chigiri
will rotate positions every ten minutes.
Instead of "Operation:
'Next Up. It's Me' Eleven"...
You ready?
BL Ranking
th
We'll call it: "Operation:
'Next Up. It's Me' Nine!"
Bachira's weapon is his dribbling.
It's a solo tactic. where he gets
as far upfield as he can by himself.
It's an egoistic tactic only available to
someone whose weapon is overwhelming.
Make it a two-on-one!
Don't let him through!
Will two be enough?
I'm coming through.
There are three of us.
I've done my homework on your dribbling.
You're not bad. Mr. Bangs.
In that case. I'll pass it back.
R-Right!
They blocked his potential routes.
and used a third person to steal the ball.
Keep an eye on their Number 8!
Got it!
Number 9 inbound! Mark him!
They couldn't have improvised this.
They're also working to a plan.
And why wouldn't they be?
Just like us. if they lose. they're out.
Bachira. go again!
'Kay.
Incoming down the wing!
Don't give them space!
Our plan is a super aggressive one
that uses each player's weapon.
Their plan is to defend
and nullify our weapons.
Bachira's dribbling is proving effective.
And what's more. we have eight
more weapons up our sleeves.
If we keep this up. we'll find an opening.
We can win!
Yo. that's ten minutes!
'Kay!
Wingers. move up!
BL Ranking
th
Kunigami's weapon is his
left-footed mid-range shot.
He'll run straight to the front line.
linger just outside the crowded penalty area...
Just like we practiced!
He'll receive the pass...
Shoot!
Now's your chance.
...and blast the ball along the
path we create for his shot!
His shot was blocked?
It's clear!
Their defense is really tight.
Bachira. let's build once more.
'Kay.
Eliminate the space in
front of the Number 9.
Make it a two-on-one!
They're not attacking at all.
And Ohkawa's been so quiet.
He's the only one not defending.
But what is he waiting for?
Nice pass. Bachira.
I'll score it this time!
Ah. damn it! Not again!
Get the second ball!
Oh. crap. So that's why.
Yup. this is what I was waiting for.
We weren't overwhelming them at all.
They drew us onto them!
Their aim was...
What took you so long. Niko?
Counting on you. Ohkawa-kun.
Team Y
BL Ranking
th
A counterattack!
They got us.
The target was Kumamoto's top scorer...
Ohkawa!
Here he comes!
Yeah!
Nice shot!
There's the first goal!
They were looking for an opening
so they could use Ohkawa Hibiki's weapon:
his outstanding shooting.
You were meant to be marking him.
Naruhaya! Don't just let Ohkawa run free!
I can't stop him by myself!
We need two to stop Ohkawa!
It's clear now.
Their plan is to drop back and defend.
then steal the ball and counterattack.
If we don't find a way to stop Ohkawa.
we have no hope of winning.
Let's get another.
Let's not dwell on it. It's only 1-0.
He's right. We still have time.
We're counting on you. Kuon!
Kuon’s weapon is his jumping.
BL Ranking
th
He challenges for the ball. wins it.
and lays it off to start the attack.
Surround him!
Make it a two-on-one at all times!
Damn. they're making this tough.
Your feet aren't moving.
Here he comes!
Passing it around in his own half?
Oh. right. Now that they're ahead.
they're in no hurry to attack.
They're running down the clock.
This is bad.
All right! It's Raichi time!
th
BL Ranking
Just keep passing me the ball.
I'll take care of the rest. Ya got that?
Time Left of Half-Time
Are you shittin' me?!
Get the ball back. damn it!
They had possession for the
whole of my ten minutes!
My first five minutes were wasted. too.
They were over before I could do anything.
You say that. but what do we do if we try
to win it. fail. and Ohkawa ends up with it?
Huh?!
But we're gonna lose at this rate!
If we lose. we're done! Don't ya get that?!
But if they score another.
we've as good as lost. too! Think about it!
Stop fighting.
I hear even the pros have a hard time
breaking down ultra-defensive teams.
To win. we have to be more
aggressive in the second half.
But you know. is this plan even going to work?
If our weapons are ineffective against
them. we'll just die a slow death.
Ya can't even tell us your weapon.
so stop your damn yappin'!
To improve our chances of winning.
instead of wasting time on useless weapons.
I'm saying we should focus on Bachira and
Kunigami. whose styles annoy the other team.
Who're ya callin' "useless"?!
Stop arguing.
It's riskier to change
the plan at this point.
I'm certain it'll be harder for them
to figure out countermeasures
if we keep switching up our tactics.
Our attacks are not useless.
Don't fear Ohkawa's counterattack.
We'll keep on attacking!
Let's resume "Operation: 'Next Up.
It's Me' Nine!" It's our best course of action!
Yeah!
Gotcha!
Do we really have a
chance of winning like this?
Second half begins
Kick it back! Don't force the issue!
Make 'em run! Make 'em run!
Nothing's changed since the first half!
Damn it. It's meant to be my time to
shine. but I can't even get on the ball.
BL Ranking
th
If I press. they evade.
But waiting it out won't get us anywhere.
To me. soccer is exactly like romance.
This current situation is kinda like...
when a girl's out of your league!
On the face of it. she's tough to win over.
but in reality. she has zero experience.
and once she falls for me.
she's head over heels.
That girl is Miss Team Y!
Once Miss Y falls.
she'll be an easy mark.
Gotcha!
Damn it all!
Your pressing didn't go to waste.
That's ten minutes!
My turn next.
BL Ranking
th
Nice! We finally got the ball!
Switch positions! Get into
the Gagamaru formation!
Seven minutes into the second half.
A goal'd be nice right about now.
Counting on you. Isagi.
Right!
Gagamaru's plan starts
with me out on the wing.
I'm aiming to hit an early cross into that
near-impossible space in front of the goal.
Oh. crap. I overhit it.
He'll reach it. His weapon
is his incredible agility.
Ah. so close!
Stick with it! It's a corner!
How'd he even get to that?
Corner incoming!
Darn. I'll try again.
That was amazing.
His weapon will work. We got this!
What was that just now?
Was it Ohkawa?
This chance might turn into a disaster
if they get the ball and counter.
Get it together. Isagi!
It's a corner! Get into position!
Flood the box!
Doesn't matter how it goes in! Just score!
That's right. If we don't attack now. then when?
This is the first chance we've had.
Our first chance...
Oh. I see.
This premonition comes from...
Isagi?
It's mine!
We misread the situation.
The one who was crushing our chances...
The one who's been calling the shots
and feeding killer passes to Ohkawa...
Aw. shit!
Nice. goalie!
Let's counter!
Crap! We sent too many forward!
If they get the ball to Ohkawa now...
It's here!
The uneasy premonition I felt was coming
from the beating heart of Team Y.
That's you. Niko!
Nice. Isagi!
If we can shut him out. Team Y dies.
So now's our chance!
I know I can make this shot!
Crap!
I missed.
Yeah!
Hell yeah! We caught up!
Nice pass. Isagi.
Gagamaru?
Uh. it was supposed to be a shot.
We're level!
Huh?
Damn. I got all happy
over someone else's goal.
The scores are even now.
I'm amazed you reacted!
Gagamaru. that was awesome!
One more goal. The comeback win is on.
Yeah!
You caught on. huh?
Without you. we could have
countered and killed off the game.
I won't let you run free now.
We will shut you out and win this game!
You have the same eyes as me.
But you can't beat me.
I'm the one controlling this game.
Just you wait. you bastard with bangs.
A
Blue Lock. Additional Time.
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
Meals at Blue Lock
Isagi Yoichi
Hey. what do you think the
other guys get for their main dish?
Bet it's better than our natto
and pickled radishes.
Igarashi Gurimu
Let's investigate!
Chigiri Hyoma
Hm? I get stir-fried veggies.
Perfectly well-balanced!
I'm beyond jealous!
Kunigami Rensuke
I get curry.
The king! The perfect dish to have with rice!
Namaste!
Hey. Kunigami. wanna trade dishes?
We'll give you natto and
pickled radishes for it!
Please! Just this once! We wanna
experience the taste sensation that is curry!
Jeez. if you want it that badly...
Just this once.
Seriously. you're a god!
The god of curry. Kunigami-sama!
Huh? I want curry. too.
Trade with me. Kunigami.
Which would you rather choose?
I'm honored that you picked me.
Trade Match Made
Bah. I knew this would happen!
Namaste!